const fs = require('fs');

const enFile = 'en.json';
const arFile = 'ar.json';

// Read JSON files
const enData = JSON.parse(fs.readFileSync(enFile, 'utf8'));
const arData = JSON.parse(fs.readFileSync(arFile, 'utf8'));

let updated = false;

// Compare and add missing keys
for (const key in enData) {
    if (!(key in arData)) {
        arData[key] = enData[key]; // Copy value from en.json
        updated = true;
    }
}

// Save updated ar.json if any changes were made
if (updated) {
    fs.writeFileSync(arFile, JSON.stringify(arData, null, 2), 'utf8');
    console.log('Missing keys added to ar.json');
} else {
    console.log('ar.json is already up-to-date');
}






----


1. Review effectiveness - Should result in reduction in escaped defects
I focused on enhancing the manual code review process and unit testing before delivering. By encouraging more detailed peer reviews and fostering collaboration among team members, I was able to identify and resolve potential issues early. While I don't have the exact percentage of defect reduction, there was a noticeable decrease in escaped defects based on feedback from QA and fewer reported issues in QA testing. This improvement can be attributed to the increased emphasis on quality checks before release.


2. # of Escalations/ Complaints - # of complaints/ escalations during the appraisal period
I successfully maintained a zero escalation rate during the appraisal period by closely tracking project timelines and deliverables and proactively addressing potential risks. 
There were no escalations or complaints during this appraisal period. This was achieved through proactive management, regular communication with the client, and thorough internal reviews before each delivery.


3. # of improvement ideas presented with direct benefits to the client
This appraisal period, my focus was on improving the reusability of code components, which had a direct benefit to both our team's efficiency and the client's project. By refactoring existing code into modular, reusable components, we significantly reduced redundancy across multiple features, making future enhancements quicker and easier to implement. Additionally, I promoted clean coding practices within the team, which resulted in less technical debt and fewer defects, ultimately leading to smoother project deliveries and fewer issues during QA. These improvements have laid a foundation for maintaining code quality over the long term, benefiting both the current and future projects for the client.


4. % of project deliverables on schedule/ SLA
During this appraisal cycle, 95% of the project deliverables were on schedule and met the agreed SLAs. By introducing weekly sprint retrospectives and adjusting task prioritization, I ensured that we stayed on top of deadlines. For the remaining 5%, I communicated delays to the seniors well in advance and adjusted deliverable expectations without impacting critical milestones.


5. % Variance between Actual Defect Injection Rate and Estimated Defect Injection Rate
Example Answer:
While we do not track exact numbers for defect injection rates, we focus on maintaining overall code quality by following stringent development and testing processes. Throughout the appraisal period, we emphasized early defect detection through rigorous code reviews and comprehensive manual testing. Though specific variance data isn't available, these efforts have contributed to maintaining a stable quality of deliverables, with minimal unexpected defects during the later stages of the project lifecycle.

-----
------




For the Strengths and Growth sections of your appraisal, you want to highlight key skills and accomplishments in the Strengths section, and identify areas for improvement or new goals in the Growth section. Here are some tailored examples for your role as a tech lead:

Strengths:
Leadership and Team Collaboration: Effectively led the team to meet project deadlines and SLAs by fostering collaboration and open communication. Maintained a positive working environment that encouraged peer reviews and knowledge sharing.

Client-Focused Problem Solving: Demonstrated a proactive approach to resolving client issues, as reflected in the absence of escalations or complaints during the appraisal period. Continuously worked to anticipate client needs and delivered high-quality solutions.

Code Quality and Reusability: Implemented improvements in code reusability by refactoring common functionalities into modular components. This significantly reduced development time for future projects and minimized defects due to cleaner, maintainable code.

Project Management: Successfully managed multiple projects with complex requirements, ensuring timely delivery and adherence to SLAs. Efficient risk management and clear communication with stakeholders minimized delays and improved overall project execution.

Focus on Continuous Improvement: Continuously sought ways to enhance internal processes, from improving code reviews to identifying opportunities for automation, leading to improved team efficiency and output quality.

Growth Areas:
Data-Driven Decision Making: Moving forward, I aim to focus more on data collection and analysis, especially around defect rates and performance metrics. By tracking key performance indicators more closely, I will be better positioned to identify areas for improvement and optimize development cycles.

Automation in Testing: While manual testing has been effective, I plan to expand my knowledge in automated testing frameworks and implement them to improve testing efficiency and ensure consistent quality across projects.

Client Engagement: I would like to further enhance my client engagement skills, especially in understanding their evolving needs more proactively and suggesting technical innovations that can provide added business value.

Advanced Technical Expertise: Looking to deepen my expertise in emerging technologies like cloud computing, AI, or microservices architecture to better align our solutions with industry trends and client demands.

Cross-Functional Leadership: I plan to focus more on cross-functional collaboration with other teams, including product, marketing, and business analysts, to deliver more comprehensive solutions and gain a broader understanding of the overall project impact.
